You will become
My previous life group has been in Hainan for decades
No one dares to speak up
kneel down
Lick up this glass of wine
I've never drunk before
Otherwise, my previous life group will be angry
It's not something you mere mortals can bear
Be careful to seal Dashan's tongue and grow into you. Don't toast or eat and be fined
Kneel down obediently and lick this bottle of wine clean
Maybe the money is happy and you can still play with your job
Zhao Zipeng wants to talk about being a dog
Especially simp.
You are the most suitable.
You have to be stubborn when you are about to die
Bingbing
Who invited him?
I didn't give him an invitation
He came by himself.
Zhang Cheng, I suggest you kneel down obediently and apologize to the customer service staff of Qian Shang.
Who do you think you are?